Update K3s network installation doc (#3961)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/network-options/_index.md

Note that you can choose whatever `cluster-cidr` and `service-cidr` value, however the `node-ip` values must correspond to the ip addresses of your main interface. Remember to allow ipv6 traffic if you are deploying in a public cloud.

If you are using a custom cni plugin, i.e. a cni plugin different from flannel, the previous configuration might not be enough to enable dual-stack in the cni plugin. Please check how to enable dual-stack in its documentation and verify if network policies can be enabled.

### IPv6 only installation

> IPv6 only setup is supported on k3s v1.22 or above.
> 
> IPv6 only setup requires a similar setup as dual-stack where you must provide a valid IPv6 `node-ip` on both servers and agents. This is an example of a valid configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPv6-only clusters are supported on k3s v1.22 or above. As in dual-stack operation, IPv6 node addresses cannot be auto-detected; all nodes must have an explicitly configured IPv6 `node-ip`. This is an example of a valid configuration:
```

```
node-ip: 2a05:d012:c6f:4611:5c2:5602:eed2:898c
cluster-cidr: 2001:cafe:42:0::/56
service-cidr: 2001:cafe:42:1::/112

> disable-network-policy: true

Reviewer: The K3s docs tend to provide their config examples in CLI flag format, as opposed to YAML format as the RKE2 docs do. Maybe convert these over to flags?
